---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-24T06:57:58.288Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-24T06:56:58.741Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-24-a2756829-c2ee-4244-a084-9f00091f3fda.md
published: true
url: a2756829-c2ee-4244-a084-9f00091f3fda/index.html
_type: Article

---
## We don't often read

the fine print when we purchase things like shampoo for our dogs, but we should. The vast majority of the grooming products pet owners purchase, will fail to bring the results that they want for their canine companions.  

For example, if you suffer from allergies, buying a mediocre dog shampoo can actually increase the amount of dander your dog generates. If you use the typical run-of-the-mill dog shampoo, it can not only strip the natural oils that protect skin but actually pull moisture out of the hair shaft, setting up a cascade of unfortunate events. Dogs with dry brittle coats respond by shedding even more and you'll know it too by the flare-up in your miserable allergy symptoms.

A high-quality dog shampoo will not only help support a healthy coat but will help to nourish your dog's skin and help substantially reduce allergens and shedding.
Agatha's Apothecary Luxury Lather Blog Post
Yes, you can find shampoos that are less expensive initially, but a premium ingredient organically sourced shampoo will pay for your slightly higher initial investment in everything from fewer vet visits to treat skin problems to making life easier for the allergen-sensitive little people living with your pets.
As a veterinary technician and one-time owner of a very popular pet grooming salon, I have bathed and groomed literally hundreds of clients dogs. I've purchased (and thrown away) more mediocre dog shampoos than you can imagine.

## ONE OF THE MOST IMPORTANT TOOLS EVERY DOG OWNER NEEDS IS A REALLY GREAT DOG SHAMPOO!

The simple fact is that most of the shampoos you'll find at your local pet superstore and the vast majority of the ones available online (I have the Amazon orders to prove it!) will do a poor job of keeping coat A few years ago, after opening Agatha's Apothecary, I decided the only way to have the perfect dog shampoo, was to create one myself. I'm so thrilled with our Agatha's Apothecary Luxury Lather Organic Dog Shampoo, what's more important? My customers are thrilled as well, I receive calls and emails from clients, asking,

## "WOW! MY DOG LOOKS FANTASTIC AND SMELLS SO GOOD, WHAT DID YOU USE?!?"

Agatha's Apothecary Luxury Lather
I'm happy to say that people have asked over and over where to purchase our new shampoo and coat conditioner and that FINALLY even Amazon has two really amazing dog grooming products! 
Our new shampoo (and coat conditioner too) is not only made with organically derived ingredients, but it's scented with essential oils of lavender and bergamot for a truly amazing alternative for grooming your dog. Using a base of Aloe Vera to nourish and heal, they are the only products on the market today that are so completely supportive of coat health, soap-free and mild, I've never been able to so enthusiastically recommend products for my customers to use to get great results at home.